welcome welcome to your mom's house
[Music]
there you go
bird is fat our guest today burnt
crystals coming on in just a moment the
fattest drunkest comedian working of all
time
that's gaping dad with that great song
so definitely wanted to give him a shot
so many bird is fat songs gene really
big news not only are you on the road
this week which you're gonna tell
everybody about but Sunday we're doing
the podcast live at the sperm vine
improv the pom cast the pom cast is
going to be live in sperm vine at the
sperm vine improv that's a vine
California if you are around Orange
County near it LA County head down
Sunday improv and will do the podcast
all right let's uh make sure you check
out Christina she's going to be at the
let's see she's gonna be at Zanies in
Nashville that's going to be this
Tuesday and then Wednesday she's going
to be at the comedy zone in Charlotte
North Carolina so make sure you check
her out there Kristina P online of
course huge news the podcast airs excuse
me the special of hers mother inferior
coming out next Tuesday the tenth no
we're super excited about it so make
sure you put it in your queue and get
ready to watch Kristina P mother
inferior only on Netflix we have a very
exciting guest here in studio today
crisis fat that's you saying it yeah
that's a you saying it you said it in a
phone call well you were doing press
somewhere and they're like what's going
on and then you you said oh yeah I
remember that that's is that right when
I was doing a huge press tour to like
140 radio station yes I think so and all
of your fans changed my Wikipedia page
for Christ you're like digging holes in
dating harms yeah yeah and you know what
to open this show you know this guy took
that interview and he made his name is
gaping dad and he made an amazing song
out of it I don't know if you've ever
heard it but here's just one play the
whole thing again but here's a portion
of it this guy took that interview I'm
just serious like at the skill level of
some of the I have none of those fans by
the way no one ever I'd no one ever no
one ever makes me songs no one ever
makes me pictures like everyone talks
about all my fans made these great
artwork and I'm like the same fucking
fans
[Laughter]
I mean already like this I see this
fucking garage man check it out that's
not that bad I couldn't do this I take
that back it is it is the true thing of
insanity it's like because we were we
were talking about slut-shaming because
Georgia yeah I was talking saying about
sound about her friends I said something
she found I was like oh baby she's
crying I go baby why you crying you
she's like everyone likes I know better
than me and I was like whoa you're
beautiful you're cool she's like dad I'm
not cool
I go no you are cool she was that I'm
actually not cool at school all the cool
girls haven't at least three boyfriends
I go oh no there's a sluts baby oh
they're being cool now it's a shortcut
but come high school when they want a
day to grow they're gonna go to you cuz
no one's gonna want to date a groom's
head no one's gonna want to marry the
girl that's had five hundred boyfriend
oh man I go look I'm telling you about
slut-shaming for real cuz I did it I was
a part of the bad part of slut-shaming
like is that
but only because I go there are boys
that are equal to you in life that are
that don't have a girlfriend and when
they get to high school they see at that
same rejection you feel they will feel
and apply it by calling them sluts
that's how it's done I'm not for it and
then my wife got I got really sick
that's not the fuckin such everything
but here's the crazy thing about
slut-shaming is that it's not real it's
not these girls haven't done anything it
will happen all they've done is like
dated boys but then it'll get around
it'll be rumors that's the thing with
the fucking bird is fat and even like
it's is that you start by the way I was
fat as fuck when that happened but like
wait how surprised were you and that's
true that wait because I was fat I was
265 yeah when that started I was 265 how
do you think you got there for real Oh
think about it yeah I do
number one I fell off a waterfall that
was the number one that was the number
one well we're like let's say go back up
what would your walk-around wait I was
at 40 years old I was to 15 to 16 and
that was and I looked really good more
years ago that's four years ago yeah
Travel Channel it's slowly grant bill to
add it on add it on I think I was
floating around at 235 but probably when
I was doing trip flip 235 maybe maybe
240 yeah I hurt I hurt my I blew out my
plantar fasciitis uh playing tag
football and I was getting back in shape
and and I couldn't walk I couldn't run
and that's what it started put it on and
then when I fell off the waterfall and
that's what I'm learning because I was I
was addicted to oxy and Valium I was
eating I was eating for I was taking
oxys four times a day and I was taking
four volumes a day I was taking them
together
liyan with the fucking kibosh on that
good yeah but but that's when I cuz I
wasn't even getting out of bed I was
like I couldn't move I remember being in
a bed in a hotel room in North Carolina
and I couldn't get outside it couldn't
reach my oxys or my I could say oxys
whatever they were vicodins whatever
they were I don't know if it was an oxy
cotton but it was oxy cotton or whatever
his pain or whatever whatever it was was
pretty awesome they were really great
and I couldn't get out of bed and I
pissed in the bed because I couldn't get
my kids my pills ii couldn't I couldn't
move my back yeah but that I think that
added on and then that last season of
birth conquer I just power eight this is
what claim this is why we brought it I
need to ask him that's Gerard Depardieu
and he was we were watching this movie
and as a joke we were talking about the
movie yeah and the right before that
whole thing took off I was like oh he
looks like he has Bert's stomach and
that and that day when we did that when
we talked about that that's when we
started to like talk about it basically
that that day that was what and but I
didn't it was a kid wanna notice like I
really didn't catch on to it like I'd
see him but I'll be like am i fat but I
really was yeah that and I was doing
that weight loss challenge at the time I
was challenging myself to on - doing a
vlog and you guys watch it you're like
what the fuck you doing a vlog for what
are you 13 yeah wait this is at once it
started though once
started challenging no I think it was
right before though I think you saw that
too what he started doing vlogs I was
pregnant with Ellis yeah and we won't
wall had dinner and he's like look at
this voice I remember you've been like
fuckin seriously now but wait what were
you eating on Bert the conquerer like
what was your jam okay so know number
one we used to do a thing called crew
crew sees so we'd had big crews and then
what that would be was that I got to
order for everybody and then and in
doing that what I would do is I would
order everything I wanted to eat and
then we've cut it up and you could
sample things yes oh yeah I've been with
you we did that a Montreal it's the
fucking best
but you always order a lot when you do
you always order a couple plates extra
so I was ordering and then it started
turning out when I'd go out to eat with
people I'd order two meals because I
didn't want so used to cruise skis I'm
having options then I didn't want one to
suck and you know and they go all that
was my meal so I'd ordered two meals and
then I'd I make it rain appetizers and I
think that and I switched over
oh I was drinking a lot of beer at the
time and so I think he just tried adding
up I was just no no I'm thinking about
it in my own think like I always been a
pretty big boy but it really got off the
rails when she got pregnant yeah it
really was we would go out to like every
day and we'd always be like God have
dessert you you're the one that I that I
don't think people have it in their
memory of how big you were yeah how big
were you at your biggest well what
triggered like when I remember you know
you have like a weight you're
comfortable with so I remember being
like thinking that like 245 for whatever
reason was fine yeah and then at 255 I
remember just being like yeah but that's
like 245 yeah like if somebody said like
how much do you weigh when they go to 55
have you say 245 yeah and in my mind be
like that's not really a lie yeah I'm
like within your mind you're 245
then I can actually remember getting on
scales and seeing like 258 and 261 yeah
and like I remember when it was when one
sits across 260 I was like you devil not
close to 45 but the worse with that so
the one where I was like I really cuz
I'd you know I'd fucked with I mean I
had trainers I had I had a trainer
during her pregnancy we used to go to
boot camp together well I'm saying yes
we'd used to go to boot camp which
absolutely was death but this trainer I
mean he was really having me fucking do
tire flips and like you know then wind
sprints then run over it and do power
cleans like I would do these workouts
that were like absolutely killing me but
then I would eat absolutely everything
do you remember the time that we went
and we did CrossFit I was like I think I
burned like 10,000 K and then we went
out with Chris I Walker yeah we went to
gay bars and we had so much fun yeah and
we're killing gay drinks like all those
sugary things and then at the end of the
night we're like I've did good today we
went to CrossFit or went across MIT and
all we had were some vodka drinks and
then Chris is like who wants pizza we're
like you're a trainer and we thought
like if he's pizza yeah he's green
lighting it yeah he's saying go ahead
and do it but that's the problem with
exercise is that you don't get how much
you should be eating cuz you burn all
these calories yeah whatever you figure
out that if you do that kind of exercise
and then eat right then that works my
thing when I when we were doing that
weight loss challenge I would just I
would I would eat very like lean and
clean like I kind of like I am right now
because of this challenge
I love parameters I love being
challenged I loves yeah yeah I love to
focus on stuff and and then I take an
ambien at night and be like I'm not
eating dinner I take an ambien yeah and
I go to sleep and I wake up skinny yeah
and that's the keep you can skip dinner
oh that's what I do that's how I lost my
way 208 when I delivered Ellis so I had
a lot of baby weight to lose and that
was the single trick I did no alcohol at
night and don't eat dinner why do you
have to eat dinner have a bowl of
vegetable soup and just go to fucking
battle vegetables super transmute I like
to do I like to make the girls vegetable
I make a
matzo ball soup with chicken noodles and
everything and then I put two whole
chickens in there and then I just pull
out the chicken and eat the chicken with
the broth there you go that's good
that's great yeah but the sweatpants
also are a big a big codependent friend
when you're gaining weight because if
you were I started wearing sweatpants
and hoodies everywhere that's the Billy
Gardell diet I love you Billy but Billy
which does where's my pencil everywhere
and I was like really like man they are
like an enabler that's so true like
you're looking good birds could sit
crisscross applesauce and then you gotta
put on your jeans and your jeans are
like oh we need to talk jeans are always
the indicator of where you're at with
your weight for me I can always tell
where I am emotionally by which jeans I
can fit into yeah so now look at your
face today your face looks extra clear
doesn't he look really like clear yeah
like his eyes and and you don't look
puffy at all you look great yeah really
fat picture yeah have you or me of me
yes so this is right before weight loss
challenge starts this is like so this is
that oh my god Tom I know you're super
husky what was that shirt what what
sighs shit was that shirt like xxx no
yeah you know I started my dad would buy
me double axes yeah and at the at the
time when I started the weight loss I
want to do I want to go run and I put on
one of the double X's not knowing as a
double X and it was still a little tight
on my belly and I went oh shit I'm a
legit double X is that Oh scary you know
the most other painful thing is when
like I saw people then and I see them
now it's like it's just super
narcissistic and they don't say anything
and I'm like it just shows you like how
people are only wrapped up in themselves
but I'm like I'll be like yeah we saw
each other last that oddball and they'll
be like yeah I'm like I don't look
different to you and they're like I
don't know do you like Jesus Christ man
I lost like a fucking fifth grader and
like I get well I think I lose weight so
quickly that everyone says it that that
one week they see me so I lost so much
weight in dis in like the first two
weeks of December that
that saw me during pick up her drop off
is like holy shit what happened I lost
like 20 pounds that first two weeks yeah
I lost I lost a ridiculous amount of
weight is is that just cutting out booze
its first I bet you're just bloated
first a lot of bloat yeah and then it's
also it's just so it's just saying to
myself hey I can't eat everything I want
okay
like I was I never thought of anything
like an out so you know as other's fat
person thought that like you don't
realize till afterwards you think when
you're fat that that other people don't
enjoy food as much so like when you're
special yeah you're like well the reason
that I'm eating these chocolate
croissants is because I really
appreciate the way they taste like this
guy who's not doesn't know good food oh
they're like no no no I know it I'm not
a pig so I'm not eating them all the
time and then you're like oh yeah I
thought that I thought that I was just
somebody that enjoyed food and that's
why just you just enjoyed a lot of it
that's the thing
and I noticed when I was getting fat
with BMI was pregnancy right but then
after to like he's still like I was
still eating the same way I was when I
was pregnant and then you feel out of
control I didn't like that feeling of
leg it was too much it doesn't feel good
it feels better to have half a croissant
right Tommy definitely you know once
every now and then a whenever you know I
go I go through such long periods now of
going without sugar then I'll think of
it I'll think of the sugar as a reward
so I'll be like I haven't had like a
real sweet treat in a while and then
what happens is that like there's this
bill build-up an anticipation for it and
then when I have like even part of it
I'm like sometimes I'm like is is good
but I don't want the whole thing anymore
like I don't want to go piggy on it no
because part of it is that like the it's
not as good as you imagined it's gonna
be a part of it making you feel like
that's not that way with alcohol yeah
when I build it up and I have it I go
it's just as good as I remember because
I feel like a but like a real alcohol
is really gonna make somebody feel good
early-morning beer buzz is like one of
my favorite things in the world
[Laughter]
never had one no you're lying
I've never drank have you ever drink
bear early early morning I mean I took a
cruise no my problem is I don't know if
it's I think it's a lyric Anna Sheryl
Crow's long that's a great it is I feel
like I feel like booze daytime booze 90%
of the time for me means a nap is 15
minutes away it's ruined okay you like
going to sleep yeah I just don't I it
has to be evening for me to enjoy food
see I have different perspective I two
days yeah because I might and and I only
said it because I think we don't know if
we talked about this or not but like so
we started the October sober October
sober October challenge and you've been
here over 10 minutes and haven't had any
alcohol yet by the way I wouldn't I
would never the first time I did your
podcast I walked in with a 12-pack I
think I'd come off a plane member the
last time we flew together yeah
remember how big it's probably bigger
than that wait you came over to our
house with a Styrofoam cup alert no a 32
32 32 ounce vodka sodas I were making we
were a little out of control
yeah and by the way and I I don't I
haven't really figured it out and I'm I
jumped in therapy tomorrow and I'm gonna
talk to my therapist about doing some I
might just like well the girls in school
out of Burbank to a quick flight
somewhere a quick flight back to just
work on it but like the my biggest
problem with booze is flights it's no
questions asked but you also just did it
yeah okay bye I didn't think I don't
know if I did it out of spite
I don't know what I don't know but you
how hard was it wasn't so that it was
almost embarrassingly easy in that I
went to the airport and I went I was
like oh wow I've actually feel pretty
good I was real talkative I'm not
nothing I'm not talking abut when you
are drinking in the morning you don't
really talk to people you just only
because you don't want to look drunk
because that that's a real red flag
yeah like why has he been drinking and
you're like well I'm scared of fucking
flying but when you're not drunk
I was very talkative but I was friendly
and I and I got on the plane and I was
like I was like okay I'm not freaking
out yet but but because you guys had
said the challenge you need to enter
October sober I didn't drink that
evening although everyone at DC I'm sure
thinks I wasn't I was drinking soda
water yeah like I just
I killed my soda water and they went
nuts and I was like nah they won't tell
them yeah let them think it but I think
cuz I entered the morning sober I think
I didn't have sour stomach I didn't have
like a sweaty at like a swamp ass like
all the things my brain when I am
hungover I think it's when I'm hungover
it will repeat things over and over
again like the same lyric Shilo and I
was young Shilo and I was young it'll
just do that over and over again and it
makes me crazy and so I mean when I was
in Australia I'm telling you you don't
know how to control if unless you saw me
in Australia my tour manager was must
have been like holy fuck I've been in a
band for years I've never seen one like
this
really yeah the photos look pretty crazy
if it was a great trip right sold-out
shows fucking amazing so happy I did it
but because Sydney was 1,500 and we were
like half sold at the beginning of the
tour I had to I had to literally fly
perform fly perform fly perform fly
press and yeah and I'm not good at that
and that's how the tour was set up the
tour was set up fly the rest of the day
off show the next day and that's totally
doable yeah but man I was and they don't
serve booze and the Kiwanis Islands
until noon and all my flights were late
in the morning I'm you have no idea like
how bad I was and then I go on this
flight I know
dude I know it's I know it sounds like
fucking crazy it's the morning alcohol
that really I mean it's by the way I
wrap my header in defense of other
people because I know you I don't know I
know you know I I know how well you can
manage your life and I know what's going
on with you but in defense of other
people when they hear those stories is
when people are like oh this guy's a
fucking drink maniac
well drink a minute like a I think Road
Rogan has been calling me a raging
alcoholic which that's that's not
accurate or not because you never age
yeah no but no but I mean like I'm not
I'm not a
I don't change I'm not I don't change
who I am and a lot of people I don't
think can even tell I'm drunk when I'm
drunk true and I'm not a mean person I
think I'm a sweet person so and I don't
and it doesn't affect my life negatively
yeah I and a lot me a lot of people
would argue well you just haven't found
your bottom and I'm sure your bottom
will show up in the form of liver cancer
or something like that that's totally
true but but for the most part I think
you know all I can say is that when I
got on that plane I was embarrassed that
I had allowed what whatever I'd allowed
myself to get that far away from just
trying to get over flying and I was on
the plane and I'm like waiting for it to
rear its head I'm waiting for it to go
to like craziness to happen it never
showed up and I went me and Ari and I
talked about it this morning oddly
enough after I breakfast with Joey who
Joey and I talked about it but um is he
doing so Braco Joey yes yes no no Joey
yeah no hash but I always like you know
when I was on I'm I'm sure he's cool
with me sharing anything with about he's
like when I was on depression pills yeah
they're like sometimes you fix the
problem but you still have the cast on
so I might have I might have I'm not
saying I have but I might have fixed my
fear of flying with all this drinking
but I've been doing it out of habit so I
think that for the most part is right or
the fear of flying is the justification
to start the day drinking it's a bad
habit where you go you go I'm allowed to
do this this is how I have to do this
because I have this fear that needs to
be managed but also like it's an entry
flying became a nice excuse to take the
day off and drink dude and can I tell
you the the one realization I had and
I'm by the way I'm by no stretch of the
means am i this like sober guy and by
the way hey if you're my friend and
you're in recovery don't hit me up I'm
not recovery okay like I don't I don't
plan I'm not going to a fucking meeting
and I don't want gonna lunch with you
like I don't want to sit and talk about
sober
steps up I'm a regular fucking person I
don't want to talk like sober talk yeah
I don't want to get into that shit I
just want to live my life
why what's wrong with this overtime it's
a it's a little a little self-involved
it's a little like I just want to hang
all my kids
family workout and hang and work not
think about the stuff that makes you
drink no there's nothing that makes me
drink I don't I cannot drink I have no
problem with that
yeah I can easily not smoke weed the I
think my problem is uh once again and I
and I this is the one realization I
happened it's no like Epiphany but like
I think it's it's it's an excuse it's a
habit you get stuck into like yeah
yesterday all I can say is that I I
landed and I was I've never done this
I've never done this I got a coffee at
the airport and I was like I was like I
would never do that because I was like I
don't my stomach to turn on me like I
don't want to I'm gonna shit halfway
thrown at home and so I got coffee the
airport and was like and and then call
Deanna said what are we doing today I've
never fucking said that and I've never
been like what are we doing everyone
knows I do I know what's the norm for
you you get off the plane
don't plane uh come home take a nap have
a cigar
have a cigar take a nap dad's got a
reentry and then we go over to a
friend's house have a big dinner
get over there round - okay everyone
starts everyone has more cocktails and
then that's our Sunday okay it's not I
mean it's not but but I called her and I
was like I was felt wide awake now focus
our weeping or what yes she was like she
was like well we're going to I'll a
softball game and I was like I said we
oughta just started with softball up so
I was like fuck yeah let's go to our
mobile game Wow and then we went on a
softball game we went to REI we did all
this cool shit and then I got home that
night and I was like I kind of go for a
jog and I was like oh fuck what world is
this one for like a quick two mile jog
just around the neighborhood's it was
dark came back I was like I feel great I
was like I'm going to bed unassisted
sleep by the way I know that that's a
little thing that's gonna fucking rock
everyone's mind I don't often go to
sleep without drugs or alcohol right so
it's not a big thing of mine right I
have a problem LeAnn can just close your
eyes like a fucking Mormon and be like
I'm done thinking for the day click like
I literally lay in bed and go crazy yeah
yeah yeah and man I didn't over since
that sleep last night and I was like in
my head I was like this is pretty cool
and then I was like what am I gonna do
tomorrow I was texting you guys were win
over to Annie and Coty's house yeah I
was texting you guys like are we doing
yoga in the morning what do they think
nothing your sister's no Lea said same
thing no
then what do you mean like it's not the
there's no difference in my personality
there's no difference in any things Jill
what do they think of you
embarking on you know the challenge so
to speak they don't know like what
sounds my therapist was very much
against it why is that why but they're
like I've been very transparent with my
therapist yeah and he was like I
wouldn't advise you doing this before
your trip to Australia and I wouldn't
advise 90 days and I wouldn't advise
doing it for a bet and I was like really
good yeah I mean he goes it just sounds
like you know it just sounds like a bad
idea to me and Leon's like do it she's
like look I know you and these are the
things that inspire you to change we've
dropped all that weight last year I've
kept it all off that's that that was
changed legit change for me yeah and I
think something like this for me it
gives me an excuse you have no idea you
have no idea and I and I say this in
like I'm not you have no idea how often
people buy me drinks like it is it is I
think it would over fucking whelmed you
to see how often drinks are given to me
like to the point when that that light
that show Saturday when I didn't want to
drink Taylor Tomlinson was like this is
a mate like when you're not drinking I
don't realize how often like it's just
all over the place and so I was like
it's a nice excuse to say no yeah like
it's just to be like no it doesn't that
highlight to you like you saying that
right now it doesn't matter I light to
you how the people around you like your
wife your sisters don't be like whoa
that's crazy not me no not my sisters on
the road on the road not like my
family's never like you know but my
family is all you know we drink when we
yeah yeah yeah of course but you're my
sister that Leanne has to know how you
Leanne's so excited she was like wanted
to go on a walk with me and talk about
what I'm feeling I love it she was like
let's go for a walk and so I worked for
a walk and I was like I was like I'm
super like the thing that the thing
that's really bothered me is and by the
way I'm not like I did I did dr. Drew's
podcast and he was like and everyone's
saying that I needed medical assistance
to stop drinking I was like I was like a
little blown away well but but that's
also
like all the fans were logical if a fan
like a fan let's say a super fan of
yours lives in I don't give a shit where
ever Columbus yeah and and you went and
he saw you at the show
shirtless pounding drinks yeah
afterwards he hung out with you
he saw 20 people by you know just shots
and shot right and then and then he also
sees you on social media partying and
sees yeah I guess that's right I guess
that's right then they go you go I'm
quitting like the normal healthy
reactions probably like is that Alright
for you to do I mean yeah but but the
one thing that's like I told you I ran
into a guy I ran into someone who's like
I had a rough week this week I mean
should I go see a doctor if I don't want
to drink tonight and I think that
misinformation highlights people maybe
they shouldn't drink that guy I am from
True Blood was the one guy everyone's
like well if you drink a lot you can't
stop drinking so that was one of the
things that I get fans be like well
people think that some of them think
that like you wake up and I start
drinking you roll over and there's a
bottle of gin yeah on your nightstand
yeah it's like what's that the Vegas
thing though it's not that no you're not
running I got now here's another thing
but like I'm running on a treadmill now
I'm running on the open road but the
other day I ran 5 miles posted on my
social media today I ran 3 and a half
last night I ran to like I'm running
every fucking day I am working out I was
going to CrossFit like I'm living an
active life right but I'm also partying
at night and when I'm home
most often Tuesday Monday Tuesday I'm
not drinking and you're able to do this
because of your Mickey Mantle genes
right that's my Mickey Miller gene yeah
now Bert can I ask you something shoot
yeah do you I mean that to me sounds
really exhausting I'm 41 years old you
haven't I
I did not know how exhausting it was
until I woke up this morning and went I
feel fucking fantastic right because
you're not you're not fighting the
hangover you're not running to offset
the effects about that's the biggest
thing about when I look at Bert right
and like when I see what he's doing what
I feel the most is tired yeah when I
look that's what I feel I'm exhausted
and
I feel like looking at what you're doing
that's a lot yeah I think the one thing
that is an Francisco I took two naps and
one day with you go lay down
I'm very punitive so like I refuse to
lay in bed and go feels so good today I
go if you don't feel good get on the
treadmill and let's run a fast mile on
the treadmill now I know that that's not
that's fake but but it is exercise it is
something I don't know it's not an art
rates going up I will say that Joe is
accurate in that running on the street
is drastically fucking different so
different
pushing your body forward is very
different than moving your legs up and
down but so but I'm very punitive so
like I would I would just get up and go
I got a workout I got I got a workout I
got to do something I can't just not but
why can't see that's if that's I think
that's the part where I'm hearing I'm
like like when I just feel exhausted for
you because it's that self-punishing
element like that that's the crazy to
meet the I'm gonna at first it's the
booze booze booze and then I'm gonna
wake up and then I'm gonna punish myself
for what I did that I think I have a
little bit of OCD yeah I think I have a
little bit OCD and coupled with anxiety
but why they need to punish yourself why
can't you just relax why can't you just
sleep in if you're not I don't know
we've talked about this
oh you've taught Tom and I've talked
about this a lot I don't know I don't
know what's wrong with me that I that I
over booked myself every fucking week
that I'd never take a week off that I I
think I I have no fucking idea I can't
have ideas I don't know I I think he
does I feel like I'm not worth anything
I feel like I think part of you you know
there's a fear aspect to it which is not
unnatural like a fear of like you know
if I of things going away yeah things
roll away like and you have a fear of
letting people down you have a fear of
core fear that of someone not liking you
like being okay yeah yeah you really do
know these keep going yeah well so I
think there's that I think the other
thing is that like you know we all
laughed about your certainty that you
could run the marathon you know yeah and
then you're like after your start
running outdoors you're like hey this is
fucking way harder it's way harder but
like but the reason I
the reason that you say I could
definitely run it before you realize how
difficult it would be is because you
think that's what a strong person would
say yeah a strong person is confident if
the person says I can't run the marathon
that person is weaker but in that
scenario I think the person that says I
would need a lot of time to prepare for
that marathon that's what I was that's
what I just realistic
yeah I'm not realistic because you
because of your hyperbole tendencies I
could like I definitely I definitely
would today I was running and I was
running Rui I was running real slow and
I was like I was like what's going on
like and I was like I did have a cigar
this weekend like is that it but then I
was like I was like fuck man I'm running
at it I was running at a ten minute and
twenty second piece and it was hurting
hard yeah and I was like I was like shit
man this isn't this is five hour
marathon pace about it's about eleven
minutes about that I was like fuck I
don't know if I could do this for 26
more miles and I was like I really
couldn't yeah and but then part of me
said I bet I could punish myself into it
yeah like I bet I could hurt myself into
it I bet I could that's the other part
that like I think that I put in the
equation as I go I I like when we did
that weight loss challenge I didn't have
a problem eating less than a thousand
calories a day I did mind punishing
myself into losing the weight right like
and I'm sure I'm sure someone's like man
only this this drinking thing you were
just putting your shoes you're
supporting yourself by not drinking I'm
double at my therapy and I'm trying to
figure it out so clean I'm running I'm
writing every morning I'm writing as
much as I can about my thoughts or my
feelings because what I would like to do
ideally would would be get done this
month and then go to New Orleans and
have a good time and not get fucking
crazy like crazy just have a good time
and reset my clocks so that I can enjoy
alcohol and enjoy marijuana but it's not
but I really think if I could if I can
get my fucking wait wait we are we just
hearing that wait you're telling me that
you're you're doing your sobriety so you
can plan the getting fucked up trip
after like that's what that trip is
happening yeah I had definitely had a
lot of phone calls but about with
everyone that works with me saying you
he's drinking on this trip people have
bought tickets to drink with you on this
trip but you know that like I mean
either we don't plan trips that just
just to give just to enjoy what it is a
booze cruise cruise right right I don't
think anyone got a ticket to play
shuffleboard with me oh right I'm sorry
I didn't realize I thought I might New
Orleans like that's what I heard yeah
they're gonna depart from it or he's
gonna be there big Jays gonna be there I
thought you were planning a trip to get
fucked up it's the Impractical Jokers
okay I misunderstood I thought you were
planning this if I didn't have that trip
and the answer this if I didn't have
that trip I probably wouldn't start
drinking again right away but I'm gonna
be with Ari at midnight in the French
Quarter on Halloween and that's when the
bets over so I know I'm gonna drink with
Ari yeah and so but I would like to like
I'd like this month to simply reset my
buttons and go like like just if you
feel good I'd like to get I talked to
already today of bonked for a long time
he's like he's like bro I don't think
you have a drinking problem he sent that
he put out a podcast today where he just
hates us and he's like I don't think you
were drinking probably oh yeah like that
text he was just like this is ruining
like this is so dumb I don't have a
problem I don't wanna fucking he was
like super angry super mean in the text
that's totally normal right yeah and
then I said I sent a text where I
misspelled something and everyone was
like are you fucked up yeah I'm Hammer
and I quit I'm not doing it anymore
so but I talked to our today and I was
like I was like dude in this month all
everything's up in the air like if I
choose to quit drinking forever I choose
to quit drinking forever that's up to me
by the way of course but if I but but
the point is I never once ever plan on
stop drinking in my life even when we
started this bet I was like I still want
to enjoy cocktails I did say that you
did say yeah I love a cocktail I love um
town and I know this but my Achilles
heel is those planes I think it spins me
out of control that shows
and I know you don't I don't I don't
know that but I mean can I raise that
can i rephrase that
yeah um I said I'd never perform drunk
and I and I don't for an early show I
would maybe bring a cocktail I won't
even touch it but I realized this
weekend when I did those show stone
sober if you said I couldn't drink
that's a different box to put me in
because I like because I was like I'm
not drinking and then on that Late Show
they were hammered and I was like and my
instinct is like I'm gonna get a
cocktail and loose and I'm gonna fucking
make this fun for me too yeah but when
you're stone sober and they're fucking
wasted it's annoying
yeah it's called Late Show Friday
welcome to my person first yeah oh my
god those lyin minor Late Show Saturdays
are out of fucking control like to the
point where Taylor Thomason who was been
working with me we were in San Antonio
and from stage she asked a bouncer to
come to walk her offstage yeah she was
like I'm not feeling entirely safe with
this audience ya like it but it's just
fucking chaos Jesus you know I realize
we've never done this we were already
all this time into the show we didn't
play any open Bart's family that's like
Canada yeah well let me just play one
thing just sure the old-school people
sure to open the show okay oh this
fucking asshole
[Music]
who is Randi don't bring anyone love
into this we won't play the whole thing
but we always mr. play but you realize
what times are what times our cost base
car or a bus I think I'm a double check
I think we have hour and a half or so
until Bart you know I think what's
really interesting for you this month
and I think we can I jump in and tell
you something that I did I I was saying
to some of the other day and ice but I
share this with you guys I regret how
honest I am to like I hate that I don't
have that branding sensibility where I
can brand myself to be cooler than I am
like I hate that I'm too honest now
that's called no boundaries
yeah do you think that like no
boundaries
some guys pretend to be cool is that
you're saying oh no but like all the
talk we do about booze I can't lie I
don't have that no it's not that it's
that there's you know public versus
private no I don't I don't have now you
don't do that no no boundaries between
what's inside and what's outside maybe
that's something to examine in your
sober no no no I don't want it no let me
tell you something I'm not gonna mention
a fucking name but I'm not that person
who is a is a lie on stage oh no and
there are people that I see on stage
that I friend
no just people that are a lie on stage a
lie on their Instagram a lie on
everything and it's a brand though it is
my brand like I'm not that guy I don't
think that's what that means I think
that I think that that's my brand I
think it can be a comedian and then
there's some stuff that you don't have
to share with everybody to is what I
mean yeah I don't think no no and you
can still filter your real stuff through
creative stuff yeah and also maybe the
self-punishing stuff I think it's kind
of neat that you at least the sobriety
it'll it'll lift the fog of booze to be
able to think about the self y know
self-preservation do you know what I
mean self-care I think is what the
shrinks call it you know why are why the
over-scheduling and the the self
flagellation
so
that well I'll tell you right now I
already started last night I started I
signed up for like a bunch of these
classes that I've always wanted to take
oh that's great no no my wife's like
stop cancel one you're not doing three
different because now you're filling
your schedule filling my schedule wait
would you do the same thing we've talked
about this with the road interesting
schedule over scheduling I do way too
many dates I'll throw a call in sick to
work show at college I'll throw all of
it onto one page and then you also do
like four weeks in a row one week off
six weeks in a row one way like it's way
too much but that's also kind of like in
lieu of going to the store every night
and working out I work out on the road
totally get that part but it is like
you're gone a lot when you do that gone
a great amount and I'm so grounded when
I'm home that like I literally was
saying to my friend the other day I was
like I think how I think I've been stuck
in this podcast stand-up mantra since I
got out of Travel Channel this past year
I had no passionate ETV I've had a
project I've had a project in the
bullpen waiting for us waiting for me to
green-light the script and I just talked
to my brother the other day and I was
like I'm just not in it I'm sorry man
yeah like I'm not in it I don't really
have any passion right now like I just
don't
my passion is doing stand-up and get
ready for this next hour that's where my
head's at and then this week I was like
oh you know what I think I'm gonna I
think I'm gonna revisit this project but
I think I'm gonna revisit in a different
way and I think I'm gonna try to get
passionate about something like that but
bar if you know that being home is best
for you emotionally it it stabilizes you
then maybe the I mean I guess wouldn't
the goal be to maximize the time out so
that you you make your money in the
shortest time possible and then you're
home and then you can be you know you
can feel better that's all I'm saying
like yeah it feels better it would my
life would be that is a really
interesting insight my life would be
drastically different if I would do a
weekend and then take a week off and
then I like Joey a weekend and then take
a week off sounds easy to do but then
what happens is they go a weekend and
then hey we got this college and
like that's pretty good money for one
show here's the thing I wait wait wait
hold on oh no backing up okay yeah
that's good money
great well can we push that offer to
next quarter when I have an open it's
just right now Joe okay so then pass cuz
guess what my Joey Joey Joey just said
Joey just had this conversation with me
and I was like and he was got offered
something and it was in between two
things like no dog hey you got me these
two fucking days pick one right how
would I do that here's a head but you
can't no no no you can't here's the
thing and I I'm not to get too esoteric
about about this but this has been a
very this has been a very extraordinary
year for me in in the word extraordinary
not it's been good but it's been
extraordinary in that it's not it's not
been regular and it's been a little
overwhelming emotionally you know I
should probably bite my tongue but I
will be very honest because I've always
been honest with Tom about everything in
December
New Year's Eve unmov'd no tickets at
levity live they lost their ass on me
like I moved no tickets I did my special
for Showtime
I did Dayton I remember calling and
going sold-out for the week and then
found out they papered the entire room
they didn't even read my contract they
just papered the room no tickets
removing paper the fucking room November
December I was supposed to do a tour
with Tom all of it got cancelled I got
fired from Travel Channel I I was
probably at my lowest when we started
that weight loss challenge and I'm
getting just hate from everywhere on the
internet like posted stuff on the
Instagram it's just destroying me and
then I think coupled by the fact that we
did that weight loss challenge the
Machine story goes viral and all of a
sudden I start selling out and I sell
out every single show this year and you
and it's like this I don't know if
you're gonna be able to have this
experience Tom but it's like a
near-death experience it's like it's
like I remember a palm frond almost
landed on my head one time in Marco
Island it missed me by an inch and I
didn't even see it captain Brian yep but
it's gone now
thank God sorry I love Brian so
but I remember it missed me and this
french guy was like you are a lucky man
you don't know how lucky you are
you should really seize the day and I
was like whoa and I was just going to
get a cup of coffee I was hungover and I
was like fuck it I'm going for a jog
this minute I have my life
I fucking had my life I went from from
something where like I was doing it and
not a lot of people cared to then people
caring and I think it's like a
near-death experience where you go I'm
gonna really live Miley
take take these opportunities as best I
can I'm very lucky and blessed that I
can fill a calendar and then I can make
money and then I can put a pool in and
I'm not gonna piss this away I'm not
gonna like just go you know what guys I
know granted I think what you're saying
is right working smarter isn't the same
you can you can make your money and and
do it more efficiently so you're taking
care of yourself physically emotionally
spiritually too
you know I mean so what they what good
are your family if you're dead at 50 cuz
you're working 51 weeks out of the year
you're gonna you're burning it out right
yeah but I think I'm good but I think
can I just say this like I think you're
also speaking from your guys's
perspective like I would I would I would
say someone that is was in my situation
in December now we would definitely go
Bert you're doing the right thing right
get the money while you can
right it makes more sense to hear you
explain it that way yeah but I think
also now that you're now that you're ten
months into this year and like you've
you've been doing what you're doing
you mean you probably do see how it
isn't the way to live right it's not
yeah I can't I can't do it like next
year I can't
I'll tell you this I'm doing it until
February only because I'm shooting a
special in February in Philly and I know
that the two months before I shoot a
special I am out I'm doing stand-up
every as much as I can to get ready for
the special sure it's how I write I I
feel like I I paint the base all year
and then when I go and I start looking
at it and I go oh these are the clothes
lines and that's those two months and a
like I think December's a little bit but
you're I think
coming this next year I would like to
not I'd like to do what Tom does where
he just goes and does you know but I
also I today I couldn't do what Tom does
when you when I see you on a plane going
to do a fucking interview and mantra and
in watch people call it and then do a
show that night yeah I saw that and I
was like oh I'd have to be mulatto drunk
to get on that fucking Barbie jet really
yeah yeah and now now after now having
that one one flight under my belt I go
oh maybe I could do a private maybe I
could maybe I could fly in before maybe
I could you can you can't I think what
your your actual what you just explained
made me understand your decision-making
cuz you're like I got it I got I have to
take these offers but I think having
gone through this year you have to
realize how you know what it's not
fleeting in the sense that it's like hey
it's gone tomorrow you can tell agents
that say like hey so fucking DC it's
it's whatever it's October 1st you can
be like now like look at the sketch the
schedule is too crazy let's put them on
the calendar for December January you
know I mean like you can spread it out
but you they will always take advantage
of me saying yes yes always their job is
to bring you offer off only change if
you you know you can set a thing where
you go like I'm telling you guys right
now I need a week off in between weeks
that's the that's the new plan so booked
without you know bring me whatever you
want
but it's got to be week on week off week
on week off if you if you tell them that
like that's a bert decision you know
they're they're gonna respect it they're
gonna bring you things but they're gonna
respect your decision but it's always
their job to try to step your boundary
it's the agents job to go I know you're
in a South Carolina would you mind
tacking on Richmond and you're like I
don't know you know you know it's that
like you do love that time here dude I
love you healthier for I love it so much
that I that I but I realize I've been
had it I haven't had it in ten months
I've been had I haven't had a week off
in ten months
I mean I'd shit off I've been working to
Alma
something out I mean I once again I
speak in hyperbole but like I've been
working non-stop now yeah and like the
Australian tour was like two weeks
straight and I just was like and I
looked at your Australian tour yeah and
it's like five days yeah five fucking
days and I look at mine and it's fucking
two weeks and I'm like and then I go
what am I doing this wrong
like I started like getting angry at
people going like like like when I DC
wanted ad to Sunday shows and I was like
no I was in Australia when they asked
great time to ask I was like no no no
and they're like will they'll give you
you know we talked about percentages but
they're like they'll give you what you
want and I was like no like I'm not
doing it I already told you I wanted to
add those a month ago
they should've added a month ago when I
said yes I said no sober October starts
fucking that or that Sunday I want to be
home and they thank God I got the fuck
out it right and so you turn down money
and you turn down a show today it I've
gotten booked into cap city without my
knowledge like I I just I guess I had
said yes but I don't I didn't know it it
wasn't on my calendar and then I started
and then I saw it pop up on my calendar
one day and I was like whoa I was like
you gotta cancel cap city do you know
how hard it was for me to cancel cap
city first of all I have such this thing
where I go I want them to like me yeah
like a war talking about you don't want
to say no cuz are you afraid of what
will happen if you say no yeah they'll
get upset dude I I've seen but I've seen
parts of this business that that I know
you've seen but I've seen it differently
like like I've seen parts of this
business where people hi dude I like I
wish I could say names where they asked
for more money or they went to do a
theater tour and then I've heard the
conversation they're not selling tickets
they're fucking you know what that's
what you get you think you're too much
in this business and I always felt like
if you come at it humble like I'm a
worker a lunch pail guy do book me on
all your fucking I'll do everything I'll
do everything that that was the way to
getting money I look at Joey Joey moves
identical tickets to me I mean we're
Joey's selling out every show he does
Diaz you mean yeah yeah Joey's does
everything ari does identical if not
much bigger than me but after his nest
but he just doesn't know she hasn't been
on the road but they say no all the
fucking time
yeah because he really enjoy and also to
Joey's credit he was saying no before he
sold a lot of things exactly I was going
to say that is that Joey Diaz are saying
now when he was at a whatever lower rung
on the totem pole yes because it's a
habit of I'm important what's important
to me is important and I'm not gonna let
these boundaries get moved by the agents
pressuring it well if you don't do that
okay down Sunday sure we all would like
man reason I stopped doing Sunday shows
how about this analogy can I tell you
this is I was thinking about this today
so I was like I'm sure we'll talk about
I can all the things that I talk to you
about privately are always open game and
I know I talked to you about you mean
you always talk about I'm working too
hard then I'm working myself into a
grave here can I tell you the feeling I
had I was thinking of this analogy today
at your age I stopped I I left the
playground and I went to go in for a
playdate with Travel Channel I went in
to seem nice it was inside was indoors
they had Xboxes I was like this mean I
wouldn't mind if they set me up this
forever and I could turn this into what
I could just do that they'll be really
fun and then I came out in the Sun
setting and they built a fucking bad-ass
play structure for you guys and stand up
and I saw you on it you're like Burt
come on you should have been doing this
the whole time what the fuck were you
inside and I'm like oh my god and Joey's
like Dawg I only wanna do the monkey
rings and always like I'm gonna play for
a second then I'm gonna go on a bike
ride and then I'm like hold on I get to
fucking play on this as well long as I
want and I feel like I feel like my
mom's yelling going to come inside I'm
like I just got out of here I didn't
know the light the lamps are coming on
do you know I mean yes I could stand up
blossomed in a way that had I not done
tribal channel who knows but now that
I'm out of Travel Channel I go oh this
is fucking amazing
when you see how many tickets John
mulaney's moving you're like like like
you're just overwhelmed it's crazy I
mean Jim Jefferies is moving 3,000
tickets of the night like but I'm saying
by the way what I'm saying for those of
you that don't understand what I'm
saying is they're not doing the clubs
right now so the clubs still need to
fill it with people and so that's where
I come in and on Joey and Ari I'm saying
I'm not saying that not but I'm not
trying to put us exactly in the same
situation but and now there's and now
that that John Mulaney is moving a
hundred thousand tickets
there's a 1200 seat theater that's empty
right and me and him don't have a
crossover in fans so there's a theater
going we need to book people and that'll
be me next year so like I feel like all
right so I feel like I feel like I'm on
the play haven't at burn tell you just
having known you for the last decade or
whatever is that this over work ethic I
feel like it's it's been in every level
of your career like you are you are
feature hundreds you are a hundred so
when is it ever kind of fun way to draw
some motherfucking boundaries now you're
successful now you've got the ticket
sales now you've got the power to go hey
man I'm not doing fucking five shows
fuck we're sign that you're there bro I
don't I don't know if I'll ever have
what you guys have I don't you which is
what which is which is uh I'm getting
I'm done my show I'm going back to my
room I I max the essence of the whole
fucking thing I like to overworking cuz
he don't have no no maybe I feel like it
makes me feel accomplished right I don't
have to figure over working that
overbooking that over that workaholism
it's likely alcoholic LeAnn LeAnn will
fold laundry she's got nothing else to
do when I go just to relax she's like
what I got to do something but like my
meeting greets her like an hour plus oh
my god
but but I know I was tongue I wish
meaning I wish do you remember the your
the first time you did that you did the
date and funny bone and you were like
hey man uh they uh they really like you
here I was like ah there's a fun group
whose house did you go to and you're
like huh you're like yeah you go out and
I was like every night I go out with a
staff every single night I go to the we
throw a house party on Sunday nights
that we all go there cuz we get off
early and Tom's like hold on you got
with a staff the crew every night and
then I was like yeah that was turned
into the fans I mean I do shows and
they'll go hey guys meet me at this bar
we did though we did the Wilbur Wright
in January and saying I'm exhausted I'm
saying like I just it's so crazy you
sleep like how much do you sleep for
hours on the road no no no that's the
time to sleep when you're in these
hotels
what about like in your home what do you
sleep how do you sleep I sleep pretty
good at home how long what are we
talking last night probably seven hours
okay yeah
average around seven hours at home what
would happen Bart if you didn't schedule
anything what would happen what would
happen if I if I had stand up in my side
bitch and I tried to focus I'm just
saying like let's just say it's this
week I came in I can't even wrap my head
around what you're saying because I'm
going are you talking about it let's
stand up and then focus on another
project just B can you just be for
fucking you know what I want you to do
this here's the fucking challenge listen
he's got anxiety here's the fucking
challenge I wish Joe Rogan would have
put - you guys you go to an ashram you
guys go on a fucking silent retreat a
silent retreat for seven days none of
you assholes talk you fuckin meditate
and you get into your head and it's
sobriety and it's vegetarian meals and
it's quiet and what would happen oh I
would lose my fucking mind and I got a
text changer I know I wonder what would
happen I would lose my fucking mind
I signed up for TM classes yeah great TM
classes flight lessons yeah wait flight
lessons yep for you yep okay what are
you doing
officially I've been texting back fourth
week bill trying to find the right
flight school are you gonna do a
helicopter or no plane doing a flit fix
just a plane well it's three hours what
do you are doing with me I've done it
wait did you really yeah oh my god is s
no like a singlet yeah yeah a Jew of
your license no I Triton dude like this
the fun police stopped my joy it's like
we had a son our first child our new boy
Liam was really upset about the flight
school thing cause I was like oh yeah
but no but I thought it would help me
get over my fear of flying if I could
fly right and then I was like I'm not
getting a plane with you I was like by
the way you're definitely getting
complain with me that's how that works
that's why I taking flight lessons as I
impress you yeah so I've got a lot of
things I'm building a fence no oh they
just filled in all the trenches for the
pipes yeah
I've been excited for it I'm so fucking
excited it's also like it's in a way and
I don't mean this in in the way it
sounds like that less than positive but
like it's like a trophy it's an
accomplishment to have
Poole right don't you feel like it's
like dude it's like a mark of all the
work it yeah right there's a there's a
lot I'm not like a I I've wanted a pool
forever because I if they really
probably growing up in Florida you get
home and it just makes you relax yeah
and plus their pools are so common but
like you know I think this I think
what's happening is you're right I am
over schedule myself I literally was
like on this compactable Joker's cruise
I want to go scuba diving and then I'm
like wait what am i doing I'm gonna
bring my scuba gear on this Clues like
but I
III don't know I don't know your boys I
think you hit it on the head a sour tree
I would even when we were texting it
last night about going to yoga and we
were gonna go out to Joe Joe like
directed directly I think probably more
of me but he was like hey this is like a
serious class no fucking around yeah I
think I think definitely I'd be like you
know I mean we'll see tonight yeah but I
think yoga pretty seriously but like we
even though this is a very like I pretty
well documented thing we should tell and
a listening or viewing audience that
what's really what's going on is for the
month of October we are bird myself re
are completely sober yeah
Joe is no booze and told us to go fuck
ourselves and then we're supposed to do
15 already lights them up on his body
yes 15 90-minute yoga classes a hot yoga
classes so big that's difficult yeah and
I mean Joe's class gave me anxiety one
thing that's a little different I mean
that I felt like was I don't know it's
still a thing as far as this challenge
is like you know the weight loss
challenge with stakes the stakes were
like you know you're gonna get shamed
for being the loser you're gonna you're
gonna so was gonna shave your beard yeah
and and you're supposed to you know take
the other person on a trip or someone
was gonna pay for a trip so there's
these stakes this one's a little more
like little more broad a little broad
it's still pot like the worst thing this
happens is like you're sober and you're
more in shape yeah you know I think it
also it's it's fluid in that in that if
we decide mid month that we realize what
the stakes should be
are you yeah re-really wants to do a
decathlon and find out who I am I
totally get that but one thing about
like I saw I tried to emphasize was like
you don't want to announce that when you
like like we're gonna do the decathlon
this day like when you don't have a
location you'd rather lock down like
you're just gonna end up enraging people
who would want to go the website the one
crazy thing and I don't know if this is
the byproduct or that the Joe enjoyed or
that I enjoyed her that you enjoyed
I don't think re really gotta buy
products out of the first challenge yeah
was I I really will say a lot of people
came up to me and said dude me and my
buddies lost 100 pounds with that same
each other a lot yeah now a lot are
saying that they're gonna join us do
mine a lot it is aggressive it's much
more than the fat challenge yeah if this
sober October has been has gotten huge
and I think mostly because Joe wouldn't
quit smoking weed then it got it a joke
bigger it got much bigger because
everyone's like everyone's like all
right fuck it I'll do it
I'm in with you Burt and the the the the
common thing I get at every meet and
greet or at least the one that didn't DC
was the most recent one and in Australia
all the meet and greets I did in
Australia those were fucking aggressive
I'm gonna talk about a misstep of
boundaries hey guys I'm at the fucking
Sheridan I'll see you there in same and
everybody would go I was a thousand seat
theater oh my god I didn't realize how
big that would be we over ran our bar
I'd like it I was at the Sofitel I was
like I'm at the Sofitel it was in
Brisbane I'll see you guys there fucking
like to the point where a couple times I
got scared I would go crazy if somebody
had the first thing I would do I would
ever tell the tour guide be like go to
my room empty the fucking pack my bags
and we're getting in a car and do
another point of the Hilton oh right
fucking I'm the one that told them I
know yeah I'm saying like if some if
somebody had done outed like we're
fucking moving hotels yeah I'd fly home
I wish I had that I wish I had that at
me I like that though what what part of
that do you like can I tell you this is
a I what parts fun of that aren't
strangers who you know not that they're
all bad like our audience very cool
people
but it's 1,000 of them at your hotel are
there is there what's the fun I told the
bartender I said do you mind if I invite
some friends back after the show and
he's like yeah he said what you guys
stay up until 2:00 he was like yeah I
said he's like he's like twenty too many
he's like oh you could bring everyone
and I was like okay so I just announced
it on stage and I was like he was they
and they don't work for tips there so he
was just overwhelmed he loved it they
loved the idea that they're moving that
much booze and we drank I'm out of
everything yeah and uh but what I liked
about it and then this might be
short-sighted but when like in college
when you saw a band perform did you want
to talk to that lead singer or were you
like give him space because I'm in the
space you know I had a burning the first
time I ever saw Dave shell Dave
Chappelle perform yeah I didn't know who
he was I know he's a good comic I didn't
know he was like accomplished I was 26 I
was 25 years old just moved to New York
and I I must have given him an ear
beating about how funny he was by the
way he's already a millionaire at the
time yeah I was like dude you need to
stick with this you are absolutely
hilarious you are fucking like I can't
fight you pal and by 8:00 he's probably
21 at the time yeah or maybe he was 25 -
yeah he'd be closer he's 25 now he was
so kind he was so kind and he was like
thanks and he was like generous and then
he walked away and I think to meet you
Martin said what were you talking to
Dave Chappelle about I was like who's
Dave Chappelle he's like that guy I said
I was just telling you should stick with
it he's really a great comic and he's
like dude he's fucking famous I want
what he said he's got a movie coming out
called how high or whatever
hi I'm baked baked and he's like he was
in Robin Hood Men in Tights I go oh shit
that's the guy yeah and I was like oh my
god but the fact that he was that
fucking cool dude never left me the fact
that shipped that a tell when Georgia
was born took me out partying like I I
never lost on me and the fact that we
walked into a bar and when @l walked in
the place went nuts and they were all
over him I was like that blew me away
beyond like I mean I loved his material
but that connection he had with them I
was like dude give me that one time
the party guy kind of thing though no no
it's just a generous person like a guy
who's like I'm willing to I'm not any
different than you I'm just I'm a fan of
kromm's I'm gonna take Fanta pushes I'm
a fan of Artie's I'm a fan of joeys I'm
a fan of Jose I'm a fan of of of Jo Jo
koy Felipe Esparza I'm a fan all these
people too
I listen all the podcast too if you want
to talk let's talk
yeah and I think I think maybe I started
that and maybe I maybe I've got it now
maybe I should get away from that a tad
bit but yeah like I mean I don't shut
people down or not talk to people you
know euro III met a guy I met a guy
there's one of my favorite stories ever
I met a guy sitting next to me at lunch
and he goes the Machine sitting right
next to me I go hey man what's up I mean
by myself where are you I have no idea
it had to be very somewhere very recent
okay cuz this is a barrier on the road
I'm on the road machine and I was like
what's up man he was like he's like
nothing man I gotta tell you I love I
love your podcasts to listen all you
guys I was like all cool and he's like
what you doing here I said I'm doing
this whatever I'm doing the club he's
like oh that's great
what are you doing at night no stop
bullshittin or food comes we still keep
we're sitting like almost next to each
other but little close we talked just
keep talking and he gets up he's like
hey man I gotta say it might have been
in LA it might have been in LA he goes I
gotta say cuz I thought they was in LA
cuz I gotta say you're really fuckin
cool I was like I appreciate it man
and he's like I met Tommy the other day
I said Tom and Tom but hey I'm gonna eat
dinner I'm trying to get this dinner or
whatever you were like hey you were
nicer like hey how you doing he's like
Tommy I mean you're like hey I'm gonna
eat dinner and I was like in my head I
was like I wish I could fucking do that
I can't believe you would miss the same
guy same guy and that guy is definitely
listen to this
he's don't know where I was I want to
say I was in LA only because I might
even been with the girls or something
hmm I did meet a guy like that day after
we all were on Joe's yeah and and he
said he was at the table next to me he
was like whoa just listen it was with
you yeah and he goes like holy shit
because
I'm just listen to it like a five
minutes ago I was like ah that's cool
man
automatically am i my story is different
if someone says I do you got to be
fucking kidding me let me see like and
he goes he goes I don't even know what
to say right now and I go I'm gonna
order some food so yeah okay where were
you at as a sushi restaurant we're in
the area in this area yeah oh it wasn't
the same one that is that is the stout
to order some food or something just
very casual not a dick but like yeah
like yeah this conversations over
right that but the difference between
between what Tom does which is like hey
I'm nice I'm nice to people too and I
actually I've gotten into nice
conversations with fans absolutely but
then there's also a kind of thing where
you go like all right I think I should
go home and just like keep my space and
kind of have my time but I'm respectful
and I try to be kind to people because
it means a lot I'm not but I don't want
them in my hotel lobby a thousand of
them no that's the totally different
thing do you when you're when you're on
an airplane and people are falling on ya
do you feel guilty that they didn't get
enough time with you when they say this
guy's like oh shit the machine I was
like what's up man he's like dude I was
just but the lines moving and I was like
I want him to finish his story but I
like I'm not emotionally involved in it
yeah so it's just listening oh I know
but I wouldn't put it past country I
don't have boundaries I do not have my
own so right I'm telling you I know
boundaries but you do have cool bangs
that's what I just noticed
[Laughter]
oh you left your spray at your can of
stuff here last time your sprinkle here
yeah your propecia yeah Oh Rogaine yeah
oh fuck thank you I probably left it for
you because I'm perfect hair
[Laughter]
yeah III think what you said Bush is
like I'm excited about doing podcast
with like insightful people this month
because what we're doing one in a couple
weeks look about but um but yeah I have
I have I should I should change my
lifestyle and the way I work and I think
that will change my lifestyle in the way
I I be healthy like if I would if I was
home for a week like there's no you'd be
unstoppable and you be totally so well
we'll talk about this I think later Bert
on your podcast night I want to get
deeper down this rabbit hole but look
you know can we do it would you rather I
kind of feel like I want to do the one
we did for re with a bird I'm not sure
what it is let me see
[Applause]
where you how do you find these fans
[Music]
[Laughter]
this is unsolicited somebody just maybe
given in India you know frustrating that
is if I got this that person would have
my phone number and my address yeah
that's the relationship I have with that
fan I'd be like dude I really owe you
yeah Oh call me whatever okay I wish
yeah I have no fucking fans like that
talking to Lee Ann about your boundaries
there's some oh you have a folder called
Berta's fat videos oh yeah Burt our
Coolibar good crush you are a fat cats
Tom Segura might yeah there's so many
man people just made these men like
dozens and razzle all over the world
that is over fucking well maybe isn't
that crazy awesome
I mean these these came in literally by
the dozens men from all over the life
the best one ever is that fucking pig
dude who won the eating contest great
not just a competitor but the favorite
to win I love this guy it's the most you
can eat in five minutes so Richard I how
often do my god I know my you know my
parents might fool you I've been on a
giant diet and life-changing stuff I've
dropped about a hundred pounds in eight
months awesome so we're gonna consider
this my cheat might day for the year but
you know prepping gallons of water you
know I have two giant inspirations first
my wife that's alright second
anniversary I want to say hi to her and
there's a comedian I love he's a big
giant fat guy just like me Bert Chrysler
actually saw him recently where he lost
yeah when I'm somewhere I don't remember
somewhere that I was recently he gave me
gave me like a jersey from one of the
kids like from one of those contests he
lost a bunch more weight really yeah
yeah yeah yeah but he um yeah dude
there's there's I'm blown away by that I
get nothing from Vance no I don't like I
mean well maybe I do but I just don't I
don't have like an email box that I look
in maybe that's the problem you need an
email yeah and people send it to you
this is another song so many songs songs
[Music]
Athena made a hashtag
literally go hey man you're not that fat
of course and then I go yeah no shit
and they're like I thought you'd be huge
I was like wait are you fucking kidding
me
yeah some guy said somebody see this day
the other day and he goes dude you're
skinny and I was like I was like I'm not
skinny and he goes whoa Joe said you're
265 I think here 265 I think Joe said
you were at 385 at one point and I go no
I'm not
265 and I go it sits and then it starts
making you crazy you go I go you know
tom was fatter than me when this started
right and they were like no I go hold on
and I was like could he scrub the
Internet of pictures of him know it what
I I think I said this back then I think
some people didn't know some people did
not know some people knew that I was
fatter than you but that they got a
thrill out of spreading the
misinformation such a fake news article
you're gonna start tom is drunk yeah
great idea actually and then some people
were like fuck no Bert's definitely not
as fat fart
[Music]
the best well this was the best one this
is my solicitous in my car this one's my
favorite song that it's ever been
submitted I think it's one of my top
five really good this is all easy xur
yeah such a good way that's good
[Music]
it's a real song yeah
great
[Music]
there we go I shadowed
there's just so many songs is it maybe
you just have one fan who's really busy
it's a lot it is a lot that's fucking
insane
it is by the way did you see Steven
Seagal's interview we've always roasted
him on this show for years but like he
did another interview last week did you
see his look he looks like Eddie Munster
more and more every crazy painted on
yeah I think that you know we have a
really unfortunate situation in the
sense that look at that even though he
was democratically elected there are so
many people out there who don't feel
that that's the case and we have just
you know always always he's wearing
Aggie he painted his hair jet-black
let's the painted his goatee jet-black
and he got smaller tighter villain
glasses but I like the spectacles better
than I like the yellow ones that he had
but you don't like his uh his fucking
gun range shooting cop shooting glasses
well those made him look fatter and
sweaty I don't know these actually
tighten up the look I prefer these
better now by the way I've done this
with my hair you have oh when I
sprinkled it in one time yeah I just it
went went right across and I was like oh
yeah are you talking about oh yeah I get
these this hair filler stuff super
millionaires cool and I used to sprinkle
it in for Bertha cause I had that's when
I really knew it's one of times I knew I
was balding was when I was in hair and
makeup for something and the makeup lady
was like you need to put in some hair
and I go well I chose yes and it ruined
me yeah I don't let you go just to fill
you in and I go I don't know I don't you
know you're talking I she's like Oh
everybody does it yeah I'll do it for
you Glenn Beck does it wasn't really but
did it look good Tommy Lee well she
didn't go crazy I mean she didn't do
this if done properly it looks amazing
like basically takes the like some of
the gaps and the shine out so it just
looks more you know just what
it attaches to the to the hair follicle
makes the hair follicle thicker so you
don't look like you have a full head of
hair you just it just it takes the shine
out they didn't mean for the Fox one
time and I was like and I came home and
my sister was like you know you gotta
buy that shit and then I did it for
every Travel Channel show I ever did
because I would see I would I stop just
Luton that's how he says he talks with a
different X how you say it man
trust me I'm a Russian yeah you know
lady Mir Putin loved me
mascara burger lip-licking about what's
the GIMP and by the way I gotta tell you
I gotta tell you my Joey Diaz story oh
yeah tell it please so I Joey and I
talked last night he's like dog we go to
breakfast so we go to this place we
breakfast almost said the name of it and
and Joey orders three eggs over-easy
bacon toast
pretty pretty respectable breakfast yeah
I just get coffee some I'm about to go
for a run yeah and I'm watch him have
you ever seen two mean eggs no he he's
very lightly butters his toast and then
he goes in with a knife and cuts around
the yolks sunny-side-up cuts I mean
meticulously around the yolks and I'm
like I'm like I guess I've done that
where you take a couple of yolks out
because you want the egg whites but you
don't want the yolks okay yeah I was
like I've done that where you take a
couple egg whites out and you have one
but we you get all the egg whites from
the other ones it's the egg whites dog I
just like the yolks
I was like that's my favorite part
that's why I get eggs poached yeah
poached eggs are the best oh yeah yeah
can I do my would you rather down on
Bart yes Oh senior music cue of course
always I think this is what we did with
Ari but I'm gonna modify it even if not
yeah are you nervous about this yoga
class fuck not really cuz I'm not
thinking about it too much I think I
will be nervous when we're just parking
and I'm walking up I might be like would
you by the way you know Tom Petty died
today yes 66 yeah that's one of the
other one of the other things that got
me super excited about this challenge
as I was listen to our tea language I
think turning fifty and he was he had to
have a surgery and he's like fifties
when it catches up to you and I heard
that and I was like who did you're about
to have a birthday I'm in 45 in in on
November 3rd in on that practical joker
screws you know how many people for
years that I look like are you laying
everybody are you serious yeah yeah for
a long time okay I tell you how many
people this week said we love you Tom
one guy said we love you Tom on the in
this audience I want I'm Bert anyone our
same thing okay are you ready Bart yes
okay would you rather be retarded so you
live as a retarded person
you mean in beauty keep going or
Alzheimer's no before you get molested
by your grandfather on a ferris wheel as
a child but there's funnel cake after so
okay can't makes it grandfather jerks
you off on a ferris wheel or I could do
that but he feeds you treats afterwards
yeah I could do that I'd easily do that
only because only because only because
only because like like I've we have a
family friend who's got a kid with Down
syndrome yeah and their worry is like
their older parents and their worry is
what are they what's he gonna do when
they pass and I wouldn't want my parents
have to worry about
yeah that's my only fear but yeah I
could get molested I don't know might a
bit molested wait what do you mean I
don't know you have something there I'm
a night in question where I gotten a
concussion and something happened and I
was always curious older was the person
much older I was 13 I don't know but I
don't know I don't know because I got a
concussion and they're performing
medical exams on me it's so like but I
was like this is the middle of night why
are we doing one in the middle of the
night but then I was like I'm not gonna
ask I don't know but I'm cool with it
I'm many problems about have you come no
no what about it was just some fondling
but it could have been like a testicular
exam I don't know I don't know see
there's my problem is I don't ever think
that but I ever think what I'm doing in
October let's get a couple big things
out of the way first a reminder your
special mother inferior comes out
October 10th yeah that's and the
trailers up now so you can search for it
on Netflix search Kristina P just the
letter P I'm not doing pazsitzky on that
fucking thing yeah and the title comes
up save it in judo and then when it
comes Danny and watches wait what did
you well how did you come up with mother
inferior it's a plan and Mother Superior
I like it do you really actually based
on this artwork a fan did of me as the
Virgin Mary holding FIFO our dog and I
sent that to Netflix and I know this is
kind of what I'm thinking and it was
based on fan art hey guys let's do this
let's help me name my next special this
should be fun with your fans
let's help me name my next battle you're
gonna get a lot this is a great idea hey
guys I'm shooting at the Trocadero in
February
we're shooting two shows but I'll be
there for I think I'll be there for four
but help me help me say my special
that's a great idea don't think that I
haven't thought of calling it burnt
Chrysler and has me on top of a
burnt-out Chrysler like-like-like
with one arm raised in the sky and a
speedo I've definitely thought about
that
that's not bad now it's not bad and it's
not about it's not a bad to brace the
embrace the charge yeah that's true
I I've definitely put it on is because I
I don't mind when people can we burnt
Chrysler it makes me happy because I go
oh then you know me right like you know
weird way some of us what's up burnt
Chrysler I go oh oh you're you know me
and Tom you know Christina me and Tom
we're all friends do you know what
happened
that's onus ace and we got to go but at
the taping a few weeks ago yeah
show one is finished in Denver and the
Netflix reps come back in the green room
and they're like two house great show
you know we got one more we want you to
do it in Spanish that was like you're
good you know the first one went great
you know that thing you want to hear
yeah and then I was like yeah and we
just kind of hung out and then she
stands there for a second she goes I
don't have any notes and I go okay just
but I think his name is Bert Kreischer I
just say that because I I say you know
at some point I mentioned obviously that
I look different right yeah and they're
like I get a big thing and I go yeah was
it a salami salesman did the last
weight-loss contest and but every show I
would start modifying different ways to
say your name yeah so I mean I think the
first show I said burnt Chrysler she's
like I think it's Bert Kreischer I left
so I'll probably say something Mac it
different the next show and she's like
really I go yeah she goes why are you
doing I go it's disrespectful yeah
anyways Chrysler's burnt Chrysler yeah
Bert Kreischer was burnt Chrysler LeAnn
wants to be the caller got your real
name just now did you hear that I went
Bert Chrysler yeah Bert great Liam wants
me to call it because obviously
obviously I don't think anyone will ever
think I'll ever be able to do a show
with my shirt on ever again she wants to
be called a party on the Bob no business
on the bottom party on the top there you
start doing naked you could up the ante
on your next 100% as possible take about
anywhere that people what's the website
Bert Bert Bert Bert Bert Bert yeah
listen to the Bert cast where's your
next show I don't know all right we'll
go to his website I'm in Ann Arbor
Michigan Oh Chicago Chicago this month
I'm doing cargo
yeah Schaumburg Monday through Monday
right through Monday October 3 I
guarantee we're doing three shows on
Saturday I guarantee it I guarantee it
over 12 October October 13 Indianapolis
and October 14th the Hard Rock in
Northfield just outside of Cleveland -
in st. lous tits at the pageant and -
and Fargo Fargo North Dakota at the
Fargo theater all right that's it thank
you guys for listening Albert and I are
gonna go do hot yoga for 90 minutes now
and I'll have a full report all right
next week thanks for coming
[Music]
[Applause]